Can be decompressed using LZ77 decompressor. It also contains a directory like the other files, including
what seems to be event files amongst other things, and a list of items, units, and classes...
I'm not completely sure how it works but it doesn't seem too useful at the moment. 

The major part of this is the inclusion of character data. Character data is made up of 80 bytes per character.
Each byte has detail in the character editing module.

First is some character ID thing. Second is the portrait "pointer". Next are the base stats
and then the growth rates. After are the bytes determining the weapon levels of the characters. 

0x00 = None or E
0x1E = D
0x4B = C
0x69 = B
0xFF = A

After the growth rates are 6 bytes. Each one represents a different weapon type. They go in the following order-

Swords, Lances, Axes, Bows, Magic, Staves.

------------------

Starting at 0xAB00 becomes "unnecessary" stuff, or rather things that we probably don't care about and aren't
majorly important, as well as later on the lists and the such that I mentioned at the start of this documentation.

------------------

At 0x878C item data is located. First is Iron Sword. Data is in following order:

First are 4 bytes seem to follow some type of pattern. The first byte seems to be a chronological byte,
increasing by one every item. 4 bytes afterwards is the "Item ID" (2 bytes) or something of the sort. 
Next is the Item name pointer (2 bytes), and then the description pointer (2 bytes). Afterwards are 4 bytes, 
first of which is a chronological byte that determines the weapon icon, 00, another byte (?), and another 00.
After this are 2 bytes, the first of which determines the weapon type*, and the second of which
is just a plain 00. Afterwards is the item's statistical data, outlined below in the following order;

Weapon level (character weapon level hex + 1), weapon experience, uses, might, hit, critical, weight, 
range (2 bytes). Weapons are grouped by weapon type, meaning that Swords are mostly next to each other, 
lances are mostly next to each other, etc., with some exceptions.

*Weapon type is any number from 0x00-0x05, where sword is 00, lance is 01, axe is 02, bow is 03, magic is 04,
staff is 05, dragonstone is 06, ballista is 07, anything past that is 'nothing'.

Infinite uses can be done by putting 0x00 as the usage #. Any amount of uses over 99 seems to mess up the TSA.
Might and hit don't have too much of a limit, besides reason. Same with critical, it seems.
Haven't tested weight but I don't see what would be the problem besides a weapon with a weight of 100 or over.
Range seems to have a good amount of range but setting an invincible weapon with a high range
causes battles to execute oddly, so don't make a weapon with infinite uses and super range.

-------------------

Class data is located at 0x7500, approximately. It starts with something that screwed the game when I touched it,
2 00's, the "Class Text Pointer" (affects name and possibly description), 2 00's, and then goes into the
class's statistical data.

First are the base stats, then the base growths, 8 bytes of unknown data that look like stats,
maximum class stats (AKA stat caps), movement type (1 byte), movement (1 byte), 
2 bytes that are usually 0x02 and 0x03, class's base weapon levels (8 bytes, values are the same as the values 
in the item data), and then a bunch of data I haven't figured out yet.

I'd like to note that the little class icons and the movement sounds are based off of bytes in 2 areas,
but I don't know much about them unfortunately. More importantly, the class animation and map sprites
can be switched by other means but not by the changing of bytes, unfortunately.

That's about it to the database file so far. Last Updated December 23rd, 2008.
